[JIT-1718] Add json rpc spec (#36)
jito-labs/mev-protos: http.md

> # JSON RPC HTTP Methods

Reviewer: can you add this in a folder called `json_rpc` to separate from protos

Author: done

> The block engine accept HTTP requests using the [JSON-RPC 2.0](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification) specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The block engine accepts HTTP requests using the [JSON-RPC 2.0](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification) specification.
```

## RPC HTTP Endpoint

> **Default port:** 443 e.g. [http://localhost:443/bundles](http://localhost:443/bundles), [http://192.168.1.88:443/bundles](http://192.168.1.88:443/bundles)

Reviewer: nit: use `127.0.0.1` as IP example so people don't mistake these for actual IPs. also `https` for port 443?

## Request Formatting

To make a JSON-RPC request, send an HTTP POST request with a `Content-Type: application/json` header. The JSON request data should contain 4 fields:
We follow the same request formatting as Solana. You can find the documentation [at](https://docs.solana.com/api/http#request-formatting)

## Definitions

- Bundle: Bundles are a list of transactions that execute sequentially and atomically. “All or nothing” so to speak. This means that a user can send a bundle that contains multiple transactions and guarantee that they are all executed one after the other and the bundle succeeds only if all individual transactions succeed.
- Hash: A SHA-256 hash of a chunk of data.
- Pubkey: The public key of a Ed25519 key-pair.

> - Tip Account: List of accounts to which a tip can be paid for processing the bundles. The searcher/user submitting the bundle must pay the tip for the bundle processing.

Reviewer: We should add how tipping works. Something like:
```
A tip is any instruction or transaction that transfers lamports to either one of the tip accounts.
```

- Transaction: A list of Solana instructions signed by a client keypair to authorize those actions.
- Signature: An Ed25519 signature of transaction's payload data including instructions. This can be used to identify transactions.

## Configuring State Commitment

> For preflight checks and transaction processing, Solana nodes choose which bank

Reviewer: I don't think we'll be doing any preflight checks

Author: Removed it to avoid confusion. 
Now reads,

```
## Configuring State Commitment

Solana nodes choose which bank state to query based on a commitment requirement set by the client.
The commitment describes how finalized a block is at that point in time. When
querying the ledger state, it's recommended to use lower levels of commitment
to report progress and higher levels to ensure the state will not be rolled back.
```

                "slot": 1234,
                "confirmationStatus": "finalized",
                "err": "null"
            }
        ]
```

## Health Check

TODO

## JSON RPC API Reference

## getTipAccounts

Returns the tip accounts for tip payment for the bundles.

### Parameters

None

### Result

The result field will be a JSON object with the following fields:

- `result`: `<array>` - Tip accounts as a list of `strings`

### Code sample

#### Request

```bash
curl http://localhost:443/bundles -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '
  {
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "id": 1,
    "method": "getTipAccounts"
  }
'
```

#### Response

```json
{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "result": [
        "9n3d1K5YD2vECAbRFhFFGYNNjiXtHXJWn9F31t89vsAV",
        "aTtUk2DHgLhKZRDjePq6eiHRKC1XXFMBiSUfQ2JNDbN",
        "B1mrQSpdeMU9gCvkJ6VsXVVoYjRGkNA7TtjMyqxrhecH",
        "9ttgPBBhRYFuQccdR1DSnb7hydsWANoDsV3P9kaGMCEh",
        "4xgEmT58RwTNsF5xm2RMYCnR1EVukdK8a1i2qFjnJFu3",
        "EoW3SUQap7ZeynXQ2QJ847aerhxbPVr843uMeTfc9dxM",
        "E2eSqe33tuhAHKTrwky5uEjaVqnb2T9ns6nHHUrN8588",
        "ARTtviJkLLt6cHGQDydfo1Wyk6M4VGZdKZ2ZhdnJL336"
    ],
    "id": 1
}
```

## sendBundle

> Submits a bundled list of signed transaction to the cluster for processing. The transactions will be atomically processed in order, meaning if any of the transactions fail, the entire bundle won’t be processed (all or nothing). This method does not alter the transaction in any way; it relays the transaction created by clients to the node as-is. If the node's rpc service accepts the bundle, this method immediately returns a success response acknowledging that the bundle has been received. This does not guarantee the transaction is processed or landed on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submits a bundled list of signed transaction to the cluster for processing. The transactions will be atomically processed in order, meaning if any of the transactions fail, the entire bundle won’t be processed (all or nothing). This method does not alter the transaction in any way; it relays the bundle created by clients to the leader as-is. If the bundle is not set to expire before the next upcoming Jito-Solana leader, this method will immediately returns a success response acknowledging that the bundle has been received. This does not guarantee the bundle is processed or landed on-chain.
```

### Parameters

`<array[string]>`: `required` Fully-signed Transaction, as encoded string (base-58).

### Result

The result field will be a JSON object with the following fields:

> - `result`: `<string>` - A bundle id which is the hash of all the first signatures of the transactions in the bundle, which is used to identify the bundle as a base-58 encoded `string`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `result`: `<string>` - A bundle id, used to identify the bundle. This is the Sha256 hash of the bundle's transaction signature, in the order they're expected to execute; a base-58 encoded `string`
```
